###
//Get All Process Options
GET http://localhost:5000/web-development-process

### 
//Create Process option (Admin Only)
POST http://localhost:5000/web-development-process
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "icon": "<FiSettings style={{ height: '20px', width: '20px' }}/>" ,
  "title": "Maintenance and Updates",
  "desc": "Post-deployment, ongoing maintenance is crucial for the continued success of the web app. This phase involves monitoring performance, fixing any post-launch bugs, updating software, and adding new features based on user feedback. Regular updates help keep the app relevant, secure, and efficient in meeting users' changing expectations and needs."
}


### 
//Edit Process option (Admin Only)
PATCH http://localhost:5000/web-development-process/ini id
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "Enterprise Software Solution",
  "desc": "Information overload is the new scourge in the IT world as everyone generates",
  "icon": "<FiMonitor style={{ height: '48px', width: '48px', strokeWidth: '1' }}/>"
}

### 
//Delete Process option (Admin Only)
DELETE http://localhost:5000/web-development-process/197defcf-832c-4151-91f3-a66aa48b7e1d




















### Insert Prototype Development
POST http://localhost:5000/si-development-process
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "Prototype Development and Testing",
  "desc": "Before full implementation, a prototype is developed to test the feasibility of the solution. This testing process ensures that the designed solution can be implemented efficiently and without issues. It involves identifying and fixing any bugs or problems that may arise.",
  "icon": "FiSlack"
}

### Insert System Implementation
POST http://localhost:5000/si-development-process
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "System Implementation",
  "desc": "After successful prototype testing, the integrator proceeds with full-scale implementation. This involves installing hardware, deploying software, and setting up networks and other system configurations. This process requires close coordination with the company's IT team and external vendors to ensure all components are integrated as planned.",
  "icon": "FiSidebar"
}

### Insert Training and Knowledge Transfer
POST http://localhost:5000/si-development-process
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "Training and Knowledge Transfer",
  "desc": "To ensure users can effectively operate the new system, training and knowledge transfer are essential. The system integrator provides guides, manuals, and training sessions to company staff so they can manage the system smoothly and handle minor issues that may arise.",
  "icon": "FiPenTool"
}

### Insert Maintenance and Technical Support
POST http://localhost:5000/si-development-process
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "title": "Maintenance and Technical Support",
  "desc": "After integration, the final stage is ongoing maintenance and technical support. This includes monitoring system performance, software updates, system optimization, and problem resolution. This support ensures the system continues to function optimally and adapts to future technological advancements.",
  "icon": "FiCheck"
}